Title:  Hello, world! (Again.)
Date: 23-01-2016 19:30
Summary: I'm not doing the whole introductory post thingy. Not because I think you won't like me, but because life - like the software industry - is so lively. What that even means? Let me tell you.
Keywords: Hello, World, Introduction

I'm not doing the whole introductory post thingy. Not because I think you won't like me, but because life - like the software industry - is so *lively*.
What that even means? Let me tell you.

Everything around us is constantly evolving. In tech, there's always a new language or a better way to do x just around the corner. In life, I could live in an entirely different place this time next year.
I've been reading a lot about the internet as an eternal archive lately and the outdated information you can find about certain people is *staggering*. Because of this, I decided against the introductory blog post trope.

Instead, I'd rather display my progression and my personality through my blog posts. Of course, the technologies I write about this year might not be relevant at all in a few winters. That doesn't matter as much, though, because that content might still be useful to someone.
Unless it's content about a problem I can't solve and you stumble upon it via Google hoping to find a solution. Don't you hate it when you find some post from 2004 describing the exact same problem you're having right now and there's NO comments?
It's even worse when the post has been marked as solved by the poster. *What did you see, John?! SHOW ME THE LIGHT!*

I digress. You still need to know who I am. No worries, I have a great solution for that! Remember the first page you saw when you went to this website? (Unless you're a Googler. Hi!) I'm going to be using that as a living document.
This is going to be great for visitors - who will always get to know about me the way I am right then and there - and for me, because I don't have to worry about outdated personal information in a blog post.

Now that we've been properly introduced - in a way - it's time for me to tell you about this blog. Before I started studying Computer Science, I graduated as a journalist as I've always loved language.
Unfortunately, I'm not writing nearly enough to keep a proper style going. I also have some - hopefully - great ideas. So, after much consideration, I've finally decided to start up a blog again.
Right now[^1], this website is statically generated with [Pelican](http://getpelican.com) and deployed with [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org). This is a very interesting method and one of the first things I'm going to be writing about.

Sounds exciting, right? [Stay tuned](http://marcsleegers.com/atom.xml) for more of my infrequent ramblings.

[^1]: Oops, I did it anyway. Time related content in the introductory blog post. Let's see if this blog is still static in a year!
